♪
Everybody's
rushing all around,
afraid they won't get into the
Junior Arc League Championship,
but I don't have to worry.
My cards tell me
that starting tomorrow
I will win six duels
in a row
and get into the championship
for sure.
And‐‐
Oh, my!
(laughing)
(thud)
(groans)
The cards say I'm going
to meet my duelmate.
Oh, this is just
too much for me!
(Nico Smiley)
The point is that I can honestly
say without any hesitation
that my plan to make you a pro
is on track.
Right on track, huh?
So, in your next match,
you must come up
with something
to surprise, shock,
and astound me!
Astound him?
Hmm.
(sighs)
Oh, gimme a break!
How am I supposed to do that?
I don't think I'll ever
be able to do it!
This is, like,
beyond frustrating.
I'll never learn how to max out
my Pendulum power.
Huh?
Zuzu's card.
She must be worried about it.
It's pretty special.
♪
♪ (Hey hey)
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best
one day you make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready to play ♪
♪ Challenge anyone anywhere
(Go) ♪
♪ Any day
(C'mon) ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance ♪
♪ Go ahead and roll the dice
(Okay) ♪
♪ See if it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you will
pay the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell
let your powers come to life ♪
♪ (Go)
It's show time ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ (Whoa)
I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go ahead and make
your move ♪
♪ (Go go go go) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ (Can you feel the power?) ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn your tricks
Now what will you choose ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪
(dog barking)
(groaning)
Quiet, En,
I'm trying to sleep.
Huh?
(groaning)
(barking)
Come on, En,
it's only...
I overslept!
Oh, no!
I'll be late
for my duel!
Okay, where are my cards?
Where are my cards?!
Cards?
Oh, where'd I put
the rest of 'em?!
Oh, man.
Why does everything
happen to me?
I can't believe it!
In just a minute,
I'm finally going to meet
my one and only
true duelmate.
I wonder what he's going
to be like?
A super‐slick teen‐idol type?
A hunky muscle man?
A homebody geekster
with a heart of gold?
(shrieking)
I'm ready for you,
duelmate.
Come and get me!
(panting)
That's weird.
This is the address Nico gave me
for the duel.
Where's the school?
(sighs)
Well, I guess this is the place.
Whoa, at least it can't get
any scarier.
Welcome, my boy.
(screaming)
Nico?
I've been waiting
for you.
Enter.
(chuckles)
They should've paid
their light bill.
Careful.
The steps can be...
treacherous.
Don't worry,
I'll be careful.
Whoa!
Aah!
(grunting)
(groaning)
So much for "careful."
Nahh!
Ahh!
(laughs)
Oh, boy.
Bad first
impression.
You almost... broke my precious
and delicate crystal ball!
Ooh!
This is totally
impossible!
There's no way this dork of
a duelist could be my duelmate!
Huh?
But he must be.
I've always been able to predict
everything perfectly‐‐
the right way to go...
Ah.
...answers on tests...
...even the weather.
My fortune‐telling skills have
never failed before.
Maybe they didn't
this time either.
(Yuya)
Excuse me.
Can't you see
I'm thinking?!
Sorry, but shouldn't
we duel now?
Oh, we'll duel!
That's the best way
for me to tell
whether my prediction about you
is true or not.
And now,
without further ado,
the duel between the dueltainer
extraordinaire Yuya Sakaki
and flawless Fortuneteller
and prodigious predictress
Aura Sentia
is about to begin!
It gives me great pride
to present to you
Fortune Prep's mystical
matriarch Madame Divina!
Our destiny exists for us
to follow or not,
and though we mortals
cannot visualize it,
our lives must travel down
the path of time.
The telling of fortunes
is like a flame that guides us.
Whether we choose
to follow it or not
always remains up to us.
I activate the Action Field
Spell Fortuneterror!
(computer voice)
Augmented reality combat
system energized.
Generating Action Field.
Something is carved
into the pillars!
The Fool, a Chariot,
a Magician, and Emperor.
They're all symbols
of Tarot cards!
This is so magical!
We're gonna duel here?
That's right.
My fortune‐telling abilities
are never wrong.
With it, I'll learn if
you're truly destined
to be my one
and only duelmate.
Your "destined duelmate"?
What're you talking‐‐
You'll see!
Uhh...
This is a battle
that will reveal our future!
And I know it's a fantastic
future full of fun
because winning
is totally in the cards!
Now, let the fight for
the future begin!
(all)
This is gonna be great!
Duel!
(computer voice)
Action Cards dispersed.
First, let's see how your
fortune‐telling skills are.
There's a dragon on one side
and a fiend on the other.
I'm going to flip the coin
and if you guess
which side lands face‐up,
you get to choose
who goes first.
Huh.
Well, which is it?
I... think... it's...
It's the Dragon!
Nope, sorry,
it's the fiend.
Oh.
I knew it!
You don't have the slightest
ability to predict anything.
Well, I would've gotten it
if you had given me
one more guess.
Sorry, but I'll be making
the first move in this duel.
(sighs, then giggles)
And with it, I'm placing
one monster facedown
in defense mode.
Huh?
Wonder what it is.
Not knowing what
the monster is
makes things
even more mysterious.
It's your turn, Yuya.
I'm finished for now.
Ugh!
But why?
The right time will come for me
to turn this card over
and when it does, our true
destinies will be revealed.
Hey, what's your deal?
Why do you keep talking
about destiny?
You'll see.
Even though you can't
predict the future,
surely you can see
it's your turn, Yuya.
Hey, that's harsh!
But suit yourself!
Something's bothering you.
I can tell.
Bothering me?
What would make you think that?
When I flipped the coin,
you chose the dragon.
That indicates a deep,
desperate desire
to overcome
some kind of failure
by using power and force.
Obviously,
you feel lost
and you don't have a clue
about what to do next.
(thinking)
She's right.
I don't know how to max out
my Pendulum power,
but I can't think
about that now.
I have to focus
on winning this duel.
I draw!
(thinking)
It's Odd‐Eyes.
The Pendulum Scale
I can set is 1 to 4.
But the problem is I only
have monsters
that are Level 5 and above,
so I can't summon them.
I can't do anything
with this hand!
I think I'll...
end my turn.
I had a funny feeling
you would.
What?
He didn't summon a monster
or even place a card
facedown.
I never saw Yuya
play this way!
There's gotta be
a reason.
I need something!
An Action Card!
My card should be here,
but where did it go?
(phone humming)
Hmm?
Hello?
Zuzu!
Where are you right now?
Just taking a little walk.
My duel starts in
a few minutes and if I win,
I'll get into the Junior Arc
League Championship,
so you better
get down here right now!
I'll do my best, but‐‐
No buts,
you just be there!
Yes, sir.
(Aura)
It's my turn! I draw!
I Flip Summon Prediction
Princess Coinorma!
What's flip summoning?
Flip Summoning is when
you summon a monster
by flipping it
from facedown to face‐up.
When I flip over my monster,
its special ability activates.
Coinorma's special ability
lets me place another monster
facedown on my field.
Just like this!
I'm sensing a pattern here.
It's nice to see you're
following along, Yuya.
And now Coinorma will
predict your future.
Ugh.
This fortune predicts that
you will soon face a choice
that will affect your destiny.
Yuya doesn't even have
any cards on his field yet.
If he doesn't do something,
he'll take a direct attack!
I wish Yuya had
an Action Card.
Yuya, Coinorma attacks you
directly!
I gotta turn this around!
Two action cards!
You can only have one
Action Card
in your hand
at a time, Yuya.
The card you choose will
decide your destiny.
What's it gonna be?
I gotta turn this around!
Two action cards!
You can only have one
Action Card
in your hand
at a time, Yuya.
The card you choose will
decide your destiny.
Okay.
Then I choose...
this one!
Ugh.
Lousy Luck!
It's a pretty accurate name
because it deals you
800 points of damage.
Huh?
(screaming)
(grunts)
The odds of drawing Lousy Luck
on this field
are a million to one.
You clearly have the kind of
luck that I call bad.
(Yuya groaning)
Aw.
Her prediction came true.
Almost finished
but not quite.
I tribute Coinorma to summon
one card from my hand
and put it facedown
in defense mode!
(grunting)
Another face‐down card
in defense mode?
That's right.
Another card that
represents a future
you can't seem
to predict.
Ugh.
I foresee that this duel will
be over before you know it!
We'll see about that.
It's showtime!
Yes!
I summon Performapal Bowhopper!
(thinking) Both her
monsters are facedown.
Which one should
I attack?
Since she got rid
of another monster to bring
the left one out,
it's probably
really strong.
Too strong
for my Bowhopper.
Be careful, Yuya.
If anybody as unlucky as you
tries to duel,
I predict total disaster.
I don't care
what you predict!
Let's go!
Performapal Bowhopper,
attack the monster
on the right!
I'm activating my trap,
Black Cat‐Tastrophe!
(meowing)
Black cats
crossing his path!
That's bad!
Thirteen black cats!
Oh!
Your luck's truly going
from bad to worse, Yuya,
because Black Cat‐Tastrophe
ends the battle!
Hope that doesn't throw
you off your game too much.
Not a chance!
Whoa!
(thud)
(groaning)
What, did you put a curse
on me or something?
I already told you,
you're an unlucky person.
I don't believe in
your silly superstitions.
You don't have
to believe it,
but if the past is any
indication of the future,
I wouldn't walk under any
ladders if I were you.
Agh, I think I'll end
my turn now.
It's clear to me.
There's no way
you're my duelmate.
Your luck's too rotten.
So I'm gonna erase you from
this duel and from my life!
That sounds
kind of extreme.
Tough luck.
I draw!
(grunts)
I Flip Summon Prediction
Princess Arrowsylph!
When Arrowsylph's
flipped over,
I can take one
Ritual Spell card
from my deck or graveyard
and add it
directly to my hand!
That's not good.
(Aura)
I add Prediction Ritual!
Next, I'm Flip Summoning
the sparkling Prediction
Princess Crystaldine!
When Crystaldine is flipped,
I can add a Ritual Spell Card
to my hand.
Here's my choice,
Prediction Princess Tarotrei!
A Ritual Spell and a Ritual
Monster in her hand
can only mean
one thing.
What one thing?
She's got to be planning
a Ritual Summon.
She's gonna summon a high
Level Ritual Monster
using a Ritual Spell!
Now Crystaldine will help me
tell your fortune, Yuya.
(moaning)
I see a cloud,
a cloud of darkness
that you cannot escape
from, Yuya.
And that's exactly
what's gonna happen
when I play my spell
Prediction Ritual!
(crashing)
I offer my Prediction
Princess Arrowsylph
and Prediction Princess
Crystaldine
to the great beyond to unlock
the secrets of the mystic!
Oh, ancient sorceress, who
peers through the veil of life,
may the supernatural
secret spell
awaken you without strife!
I Ritual Summon!
Prediction Princess Tarotrei!
I don't like
the looks of this!
Prediction Princess Tarotrei,
take out that Bowhopper!
(screams)
Oh, no!
Yuya's in trouble!
I place one monster
facedown in defense mode
and end my turn.
What's the use?
If all of her bad predictions
are gonna come true...
No!
I can't give up on this duel!
I'll win!
I have to win!
Making the Junior Arc League
Championship will put me
on the path
to becoming a pro!
Let's do this!
I draw!
All right.
Here's my prediction!
Huh?
You're gonna lose
and I'm gonna win.
Go, Yuya!
Here comes the Pendulum!
I set the Pendulum Scale
with Scale 1 Stargazer Magician
and Scale 8 Timegazer Magician!
I'm taking control of this duel
starting now!
♪
Now I can summon monsters
from Level 2 through 7
all at the same time!
Swing far, Pendulum!
Carve the arc of victory!
My monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Turn up the heat,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
Shake things up,
Performapal Elephammer!
Sting your way to victory,
Performapal Kaleidoscorp!
Lend a helping hand,
Performapal Partnaga!
Flap to it,
Performapal Springoose!
Five monsters at once!
I got
the goosepickles!
It's five for victory!
We'll see.
What's that mean?
You still don't
get it.
I know you'll lose
just by reading
the cards you're playing.
You mean like reading
tarot cards?
Exactly.
Your cards are a mess!
Take the dragon card.
The dragon is known
as a beast to be feared,
but yours is simply
full of hot air!
Your elephant, full of brawn
but afraid of a teeny mouse.
The goose symbolizes
a duelist
who wants to fly away
from their fears.
The scorpion, full of venom,
but yours is full of fear.
Lastly, the snake‐‐
it exposes your desire
to slither away
when things
don't go your way.
It's clear.
Based on where
you placed your cards,
you've already sealed
your fate.
Hmm.
Darkness looms
before you.
And failure will
swallow you up.
Darkness and failure?
Don't believe her!
Y‐y‐you don't have
anything to be afraid of!
But so far, every prediction
she made came true!
I know.
(whimpers)
This is giving me the bad kind
of goosepickles!
Your predictions...
don't matter!
Mm‐hmm.
What you say doesn't either.
When Partnaga's summoned,
I choose one monster
on my field
and give its attack points
a helping hand!
So now Odd‐Eyes gets
300 more attack points
for every Performapal
on my field!
Now Yuya's got four
Performapals on his field!
So that's a 1,200‐point
power‐up.
Odd‐Eyes,
attack Tarotrei!
I activate Tarotrei's
special ability!
I flip my monster
face‐up to attack mode!
What?
You can Flip Summon
on my turn?
Prediction Princess Petalelf,
bloom!
(laughing)
When this card is
flipped over,
all the monsters on your field
switch to defense mode.
What the...?
(grunting)
And one more little detail‐‐
your monsters can't change
battle mode this turn.
No!
Now, Tarotrei will
tell your fortune
and your fate.
Looks like my Tarotrei
has selected The Tower,
right‐side up.
This card foretells
destruction, downfall,
and worse, tragedy.
(screaming)
Forfeit this duel,
Yuya.
If you choose to continue,
this will be the last duel
of your life.
(gasps)
♪